===================
Somebody Public License (SPL)
===================

Copyright 2002-2003 Ramshankar
All rights reserved.

1. Definitions

	1. The term "Software" refers to BeConverter program that
	   accompanies this license, all associated data files including
	   but not limited to documentation, pictures and source code
	   and all files associated with the source code. Any exclusions
	   that does not belong to the term "Software" will be explicitly
	   stated in the appropriate section of this License, eg: source
	   files that are written by third party users etc.

	2. The term "Author" refers to the individual V.Ramshankar,
   	   who wrote the Software and holds the copyright. Section 5
	   of this License defines the owner(s) of this Software.

	3. The term "Commercial Use" or "Commercial distribution"
	   means distribution of the Software, or parts thereof, for
	   monetary benefits to any entity including but not limited
	   to companies.

	4. The term "License" means this document.

	5. The term "Original Code" refers to the source code for the
	   Software written fully by the Author. If the source code
	   contains third-party source code, they do not fall under this
	   license. When the Author makes changes to the Original
	   code, the changed code thereof is referred as Original Code.
	   Thus any code written by the Author is referred to as
	   Original Code.

	6. The term "Modifications" means any addition or deletion
	   from the substance or structure of the Original Code by any
	   entity other than the Author. The modified source code will
	   thereof not be called Original Code as it was not modified by
	   the Author.
	
	7. The term "Source Code" means those files that are either
	   compiled and/or linked by a compiler/linker to produce the
	   final binary file which can be executed by the Operating
	   System. The Source Code can either be in compressed or
	   archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or
	   de-archiving program is widely available for no charge.
		   
	8. The term "You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal
	   entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of
	   the terms of, this License or a future version of this
	   License. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which
	   controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
	   You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a)
	   the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or
	   management of such entity, whether by contract or
	   otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent
	   (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership
	   of such entity.

2. Source Code License

	This section is only applicable if the source code is distributed by
	the Author. Otherwise just ignore section 2 of this agreement.

	This section of the license does not apply to source code written
	by third parties included with and/or used by the Software. These
	include libraries, components and/or other third party modules'
	source code. All third party code fall under their respective licenses
	defined in "License.txt" of that particular code component. The
	term "Code" or "Source Code" refers to the source code and/or
	parts thereof, of the Software.

	2.1.1 Using the Source Code in freeware programs
	You are allowed to use parts of the Code in your program/s
	provided the program is distributed totally free of cost. In this case
	you must give credit to the Author in your program's interactive
	mode (i.e. viewable by the end-user). Notification about the use
	of the Code to the Author would be appreciated but not needed.

	2.1.2. Using the Source Code in Commercial/Paid softwares
	You are allowed to use the Code and parts thereof in commercial
	or shareware programs provided you adhere to the following 
	condition:
		The Author receives a free copy of ever major
		version of the commercial/paid software through download
		from a website,	in the latter case the Author must be given
		the details of where to download.

	2.2.1 Modifying the Source Code
	You are allowed to modify the Source Code in any manner and
	distribute it, provided you disclaim the Author from any and all
	responsibilities and/or liabilities and you explicitly state that the
	modified distribution is not an original distribution made by the
	Author and that it is in fact a modified version of the Source
	Code. This modified code can be used as the Source Code/Code
	in Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 of this License.
	
	2.2.2 Public distribution in websites etc.
	Publishing the Source Code, or parts thereof and/or modified
	versions of the Source Code, or parts thereof, in public mediums
	such as CD-ROMs, floppy disks, DVDs and/or the Internet or in
	other mediums such as books, journals etc. are allowed. If the
	medium and/or viewing of the medium is commercial (providing
	monetary gains to one or more entities) the Author must
	be contacted to negotiate a premium. If the medium and/or
	viewing of the medium is completely free of cost to the public,
	informing the Author about such a medium would be appreciated.

3. Program License
	You are permitted to copy and distribute the Software any
	number of times, provided you include this License and all
	other License agreements (if any) that you received along with
	this Software. You also must keep any and all documentation
	intact. You may or may not distribute the Source Code
	but if you are distributing the Source Code, it must be in
	accord with Section 2 of thise License. For any enquiries with
	this clause please contact the Author for clarification. Any and
	all distributions here forth will be in accord to Section 3 of the License.

	3.1.1 Bundling in Commercial distributions.
	You are allowed to "bundle" this Software or parts thereof,
	in a commercial or shareware distribution provided You give
	credit to the Author as viewable by the end-user/customer.
	And You must contact the Author for negotiating a premium
	for such a distribution. The premium amount if any at all will
	be determined by the Author. The amount will be in accord to
	the cost of purchase of the distribution.

	3.1.2. Bundling in Freeware distributions.
	You are allowed to "bundle" this Software in any non-
	commercial (freeware) distribution, meaning the distributor/s
	do not gain any monetary benefits of any kind. Prior
	permission must be obtained from the Author, and credit for
	the Software must be explicitly mentioned as viewable by the
	end-users of the package.

4. Term and Termination
	This License is effective until terminated. If you install the
	Software and/or parts thereof, it implies you have read this
	License and agreed to and will comply with all the terms and
	conditions of this License.

	If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions of this
	License, you are not permitted to install the Software or
	parts thereof, and this License will be terminated and be
	void. In which case, You must remove all copies of the
	Software and its install program from your all	Your computer
	system/s. Additionally, you may terminate this License at
	any time by destroying the Software and all copies and parts
	thereof in computer system/s owned by You. This License
	automatically terminates if you fail to comply with all its
	terms and conditions. You agree that, upon such termination,
	you will destroy (permanently erase) all copies of the
	Software and parts thereof, including but not limited to
	documentation and data files.

5. Ownership
	You agree that you neither own nor hereby acquire any
	claim or right of ownership of the Software or to any related
	patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property.
	You only own the magnetic or other physical media on which
	the Software is recorded or fixed. The Author retains all right,
	title and interest in and to all copies of the Software as recorded
	on the original media and all subsequent copies of the Software
	at all times, regardless of the form or media or media in or on
	which the original or other copies my subsequently exist. The
	License is not a sale of the original or any subsequent copy.

6. Disclaimer
	THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND
	ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
	NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
	NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
	A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT
	SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
	INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
	DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
	OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
	PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED
	AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
	STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
	OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
	SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
	DAMAGE.    

7. Additional Information
	If you have questions about this License, or if you wish to
	contact the author for any reason, you may write to following
	e-mail address:
		
		ramshankar@bemail.org
		ramshankar@themail.com
	
	Or visit the following website for the latest info on how
	to contact the author:

		http://www.geocities.com/ram_beos/

All cited trademarks and registered trademarks are the property
of their respective owners.
